bpo-39573: Convert Py_TYPE() to a static inline function (#20290)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/structures.rst

   See documentation of :c:type:`PyVarObject` above.

.. c:function:: PyTypeObject* Py_TYPE(PyObject *o)

   This function is used to access the :attr:`ob_type` member of a Python object.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.10

>       :c:func:`Py_TYPE()` is changed to the inline static function.

Reviewer: You can suggest to use :c:func:`Py_SET_TYPE()` to set an object type.

You should also document the incompatible change in a https://docs.python.org/dev/whatsnew/3.9.html#id2 section: suggest to replace `Py_TYPE(obj) = new_type` with `Py_SET_TYPE(obj, new_type)`. I suggest to again move C API Changes at the bottow of the What's New in Python 3.10 document, as I did in the What's New in Python 3.9 document.

Author: @vstinner Got it, thanks for the kind review

   See documentation of :c:type:`PyVarObject` above.

.. c:function:: PyTypeObject* Py_TYPE(PyObject *o)

>    This function is used to access the :attr:`ob_type` member of a Python object.

Reviewer: I suggest to make the documentation more abstract:

```suggestion
   Get the type of the Python object *o*.

   Return a borrowed reference.
```

   See documentation of :c:type:`PyVarObject` above.

> .. c:function:: PyTypeObject* Py_TYPE(PyObject *o)

Reviewer: Would it be correct to write ``Py_TYPE(const PyObject *o)``?
